Hello Mr Phillips, take a seat. Thank you. Now what seems to be the problem? I'm not
feeling very well. I've got a terrible stomach ache and I keep throwing up.
Have you had any diarrhea? No I haven't. How long have you been feeling like this?
Some late last night. Do you know if you're allergic to anything? No, not that I know of.
What have you eaten recently? Well my two children cooked dinner for my wife in
me last night. It was outweighed in anniversary you see and they wanted to surprise us.
That was a nice thought. What did you have? Well I'm not sure what it was actually. Some sort of a
seafood and pasta dish. They spent a long time cooking it so you know I felt I had to eat it.
It wasn't very nice to be honest. My wife hardly ate any so I ate hers too.
Okay I think you've got food poisoning and the best thing to do is to rest and don't eat anything
for the next 24 hours. After that you can eat things like bread or rice but no milk or cheese.
Right. And drink lots of water or black tea with a little sugar in. Okay do I need to make
another appointment? No I'm sure you'll be fine but come back if you're not feeling better in
two days. Thanks a lot. And maybe tell your children that you want to go to a restaurant next year.
Yes I will. Goodbye. Goodbye.
Hello Mr Green, please sit down. Thanks. What seems to be the problem? Well I haven't been
feeling very well recently. My chest hurts and I keep getting really bad headaches.
Have you been taking anything for them? Yes paracetamol but it didn't really help much.
Have you got any other symptoms? Yes I can't stop sneezing.
Yes I can see that. And how long have you been feeling like this?
Oh let me see. It's three days now.
Right let me have a look at you. Say are. Oh that's fine thanks. I'm just going to take your
temperature. Yes got a bit of a temperature but nothing serious. I think you've got a virus.
You need to stay in bed and rest for two or three days. Do I need a? Oh what?
Bless you. Thanks. Do I need some antibiotics? I'm allergic to penicillin by the way.
No antibiotics don't work with viruses but I'm going to give you something stronger for the headaches.
Oh right. Here's a prescription for some painkillers. Thanks a lot. How often should I take them?
Every four hours. If you're not better in three days then come back and we'll do some blood tests.
Thank you doctor. Not at all. Goodbye. Bye.
Right who's the next patient? Oh no.
